      You are Nick Nautilus, 
     Special Naval AgenT 1138  

   S.N.A.T. 1138 MISSION SUMMARY
______________________________________
You have been called into action to 
seek and destroy the undersea lab-
oratory of Dr. Tiberius Riptide, a mad 
scientific outcast.  You have been 
ordered to use any means necessary to 
put Dr. Riptide and his secret lab out 
of commission...for good.  

A JASON submersible will be issued to 
aid your search.  The JASON's small,
manageable size will make it an invalu-
able asset.


Mission Background:

Riptide was banished from the scien-
tific community after he announced 
plans to construct devices of heinous
mass destruction to the population of 
the world's oceans.

Intelligence has reported that Riptide 
has finally developed his Tuna-matic, a
device that turns living matter into 
a marketable delicacy.

Riptide is fast becoming a rich villain 
by selling his 'Tuna' on the black 
market as a trendy food for the filthy
rich and powerful.  


Riptide has hidden himself deep within
underwater catacombs off the coast of
Australia and has surrounded himself
with deadly protection.

You will come face to face with many of 
Dr. Riptide's creations and traps so be 
prepared.  If you reach his lab, 
Riptide will be waiting for you, and he 
will have no regrets shipping you out
in a tuna can!
_______________________________________

       Good luck, S.N.A.T 1138.
